Update README.md (#2187)
semgrep/semgrep: README.md

### Integrations

> Visit [Integrations](https://semgrep.dev/docs/integrations/) to learn about Semgrep editor, commit, and CI integrations. When integrated into CI, Semgrep will automatically only show findings that are being introduced in the current commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Integrations](https://semgrep.dev/docs/integrations/) to learn about Semgrep editor, commit, and CI integrations. When integrated into CI and configured to scan pull requests, Semgrep will only report issues introduced by that pull request; this lets you start using Semgrep without fixing or ignoring pre-existing issues!
```

### More

* [Frequently asked questions (FAQs)](https://semgrep.dev/docs/faq/)
* [Contributing](https://semgrep.dev/docs/contributing/)
* [Ask questions in the r2c Community Slack](https://r2c.dev/slack)
* [CLI usage and exit codes](https://semgrep.dev/docs/cli-usage)

> * [r2c Youtube channel with Semgrep presentation videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5ahcFBorwzUTqPipFhjkWg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [r2c YouTube channel with Semgrep presentation videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5ahcFBorwzUTqPipFhjkWg)
```

* [Contributing](https://semgrep.dev/docs/contributing/)
* [Ask questions in the r2c Community Slack](https://r2c.dev/slack)
* [CLI usage and exit codes](https://semgrep.dev/docs/cli-usage)
* [r2c Youtube channel with Semgrep presentation videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5ahcFBorwzUTqPipFhjkWg)

> Visit [Contributing](https://semgrep.dev/docs/contributing/) or join the [r2c Community Slack](https://r2c.dev/slack) to learn more. Semgrep is LGPL-2.1 licensed. 

Reviewer 2: Why omit the mention of licensing? Is it expected that people would go and just read the `LICENSE` file?

Author: My thought was that it's redundant, but on reflection I suppose it doesn't hurt to have it in the readme either!
